corrected broken link in multiple docs (#1854)
kubernetes-sigs/external-dns: docs/contributing/getting-started.md

# Running Github Actions locally

> You can also extend the CI workflow which is currently implemented as Github Action within the [workflow](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/external-dns/blob/master/.github/workflow) folder.

Reviewer: This is the right link:

```suggestion
You can also extend the CI workflow which is currently implemented as Github Action within the [workflow](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/external-dns/tree/HEAD/.github/workflows) folder.
```

Author: @Raffo Thanks for review comments.
Updated with right link.
